Capacitor release 1.1.1 (#12292)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/mobile-release-notes/capacitor-release-notes/capacitor-plugin-111.mdx

---
subject: Capacitor plugin
releaseDate: '2023-03-24'
version: 1.1.1
downloadLink: 'https://www.npmjs.com/package/@newrelic/newrelic-capacitor-plugin/v/1.1.1'
---

### Fixed in this release

> * Fixed an issue where errors would occur when developing on web.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where errors would occur when developing for web-native apps.
```

---
subject: Capacitor plugin
releaseDate: '2023-03-24'
version: 1.1.1
downloadLink: 'https://www.npmjs.com/package/@newrelic/newrelic-capacitor-plugin/v/1.1.1'
---

### Fixed in this Release

> * Fixed an issue where errors would occur when developing on web.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where errors would occur when developing for web-native apps.
```
